fix `parse_args` for `Callable` with multiple input arguments (#383)
omni-us/jsonargparse: DOCUMENTATION.rst

    >>> value = {
    ...     "class_path": "SGD",
    ...     "init_args": {

>     ...         "momentum": 0.9,

Reviewer: `lr` should be here.

    ...     },
    ... }

>     >>> parser.add_argument("--optimizer", type=Callable[[Iterable, float], Optimizer])  # doctest: +IGNORE_RESULT

Reviewer: The changes in this example have made it very misleading. The concept being introduced here is parameters that are only available after the class has been instantiated. For the case of optimizer, this is only `params`. The type here must be `Callable[[Iterable], Optimizer])`, otherwise it makes what is being explained more confusing. `SGD` can have both `lr` and `momentum`, but both of these should be given in the `init_args`.

Certainly there could be classes that have more than one parameters available after instantiation, which is what this pull request is fixing. If you want to explain that this is possible, do so after the `SGD` example. And the example shouldn't be with `Optimizer` since that is a known pytorch example that has only one such parameter.

Reviewer: Could also be just a small paragraph explaining that it is possible and only give as example a type hint.

Author: Good point. Fixed docs by adding a small paragraph for clarification.

    >>> cfg = parser.parse_args(["--optimizer", str(value)])
    >>> cfg.optimizer

>     Namespace(class_path='__main__.SGD', init_args=Namespace(momentum=0.9))

Reviewer: `lr` should be here.

    >>> init = parser.instantiate_classes(cfg)

>     >>> optimizer = init.optimizer([1, 2, 3], 0.01)

Reviewer: This line should not change.

    >>> optimizer.params, optimizer.lr
    ([1, 2, 3], 0.01)

> Multiple dependency injection is also supported and can be specified the same
> way with ``Callable`` type hinting. For example, for two ``Iterable``
> dependencies, you can use the following syntax:
> ``Callable[[Iterable, Iterable], Type]``. Please be aware that the injected
> dependencies passed as positional arguments (that is, passed as ``*args``).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Multiple parameters available after injection is also supported and can be specified the same
way with a ``Callable`` type hint. For example, for two ``Iterable``
parameters, you can use the following syntax:
``Callable[[Iterable, Iterable], Type]``. Please be aware that the parameters are passed as positional arguments, this means that the injected function would be called like ``function(value1, value2)``.
```

This is not multiple dependency injection. The entire callable is the dependency. Multiple here are parameters only available after injection.

Author: Fixed
